Backlinks getters throws for unmanaged objects (#1293)
realm/realm-dart: CHANGELOG.md

* None

### Fixed

> * Getting `Backlink` properties of not persisted objects will throw exception: "Using backlinks is only possible for managed(persisted) objects." ([#1293](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1293)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Getting `Backlink` properties of unmanaged Realm objects will throw exception: "Using backlinks is only possible for managed objects." ([#1293](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1293)).
```
